ah Hopkins Barry Williams choir huh how
are you young man can I offer you a
highball yeah sure actually maybe you're
a little young better keep this out of
harm's way are you gonna be all right
sir it's that pompous ass Patrick he's
bad-mouthing me all around a staff room
why he keeps calling me a drunk says
that I am irresponsible he's trying to
get me fired he's trying to turn miss
Phillips against me well sir when people
say bad things about what I do I like to
prove him wrong really how by showing a
nobler side of yourself rising above it
no not exactly I like to show that they
massively underestimated the force that
they were dealing with and then really
give them something to complain about ah
the treacherous Machiavelli I love it
good me too
you really need to beat some oh pardon
me
I really love
better hope I don't catch you whoever
you are someone is going to pay for this
ru student incompetent I am I paying
taxes for the food like you in my god is
going everything catch them
hey
a little bigger you are you doing in my
yard
better keep quiet
Jimmy comes through again